>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's do a challenge.
What I am going to show you though,
cuz there is some styling or
we're going to be building out some stuff
to start to look like the item's feature.
So I went ahead and
created a snippet, or rather a gist,
at this link that you can use
to save on some of your typing.
So, we're using Material Design Lite for
some of the styling.
So if you just paste this in, as well
as the initial structure for the HTML.
You could pull this from items and
then paste it in and pull it out.
I just went ahead and did this for you.
As well as I've started a widgets,
essentially a collection,
that you can use to seed
your widget's component.
So, with that in mind.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go back here,
and let's talk about this challenge.
So what I like to do, is create a widgets
collection in the widgets component.
And you can just copy that snippet
from the gist and just paste that in.
Also, create a selectedWidget
property in the widgets component.
Then what I would like for
you to do is display the widget's
collection in the template using ngFor.
Then use event binding to
set a selected widget.
From there, display the widgets
property using property binding and
interpolation binding.
So, something off of that object,
use property binding and
interpolation binding to display that.
So I'll give you a hint, name would
be good for interpolation binding.
There's an image property.
This would be a good place
to use property binding.
And then use nglf to show an element or
an alternate message if
no widget is selected.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Any questions?
>> Speaker 2: Question from Kaitlin.
As far as styling, are you using any
Angular UI frameworks like PrimeNG,
for example?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So,
in terms of styling,
I am a huge fan of Material Design.
And when I'm in Angular 1,
I just use Angular Material.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Angular Material 2
has gotten much better and there's still
some components occasionally I'll run
into that just hasn't been developed.
For whatever reason, the select component
is, nobody wants to touch that.
And so for basic styling I would
generally use like Material Design Lite,
but I really do like Angular Material too,
and I use that quite often.
But even as of two, three months ago
there was maybe five, six components.
And so, their building up a lot more.
But I'm really excited to see where
that'll be in a year from now.